# September 2 Release - QM

## Changelog
* DynamoDB entries for CallDataRecords for these events:
  - create sponsorship via create-sponsorship api
  - consume sponsorship via any (reporting) apis
  - expire sponsorship via any (reporting) apis
  - first retrieve via retrieve-sponsorships api
  - first activate via activate-sponsorships api


## AWS DynamoDB
The dynamoDB table I created for the dev server's QM instance is this: qm_staging_dev_cdr. The entries (called as items) that the dev server QM makes will be found in this table.


### AWS Account Concerns
1) The dynamoDB table was created using these properties:
  key_schema: [
    {attribute_name: 'timestamp', key_type: 'HASH'},
    {attribute_name: 'sponsor_id', key_type: 'RANGE'}
  ],
  attribute_definitions: [
    {attribute_name: 'timestamp', attribute_type: 'N'},
    {attribute_name: 'sponsor_id', attribute_type: 'S'}
  ],
  provisioned_throughput: {
    read_capacity_units: 1,
    write_capacity_units: 1
  }

timestamp(number) and sponsor_id(string) together are considered for key schema.
Choosing the right key schema will only yield better performance in terms of partitioning and distributing read/write requests across the partitions. Please let us know if this can be improved.


2) The dev server uses the access_key and secret_access_key generated from the AWS IAM User - VelPrasanna - which is mine. And only with that keys QM is currently able to talk to DynamoDB via its API.

Ideally these keys should be generated from QM's own account, considering security. Please let me know if this has to be changed in the next release.


## Test Case Report
* All relevant test cases are passing in the server (see attachment). Steps to run them in the server:
  1) cd /home/Velankani/apps/sdx_qm/current
  2) RAILS_ENV=test bundle exec rails test test/integration/subscriber_apis/ test/integration/sponsor_apis/sponsor_login_test.rb test/integration/sponsor_apis/create_sponsorship/ test/integration/sponsor_apis/read_sponsorship/ test/integration/sponsor_apis/get_sponsorship_id_test.rb test/integration/call_data_record/
